IDLE GAME
HINT : Read the whole exercise before answering this.
There are parameters not explicitly mentioned.
Make sure the code runs with out error.
Add code to call the methods and the class you create.


1. [30 pts] Create the appropriate classes.

Create a "Character" class that will note the character's skill level (int),
hunger level (int),
fatigue level (init),
total money (double),
job,
earn rate(double),
date created(date),
date last login (date).
The character class has fixed values of minimum hunger level which is 0
and maximum fatigue level which is 100.
The Character has an active state which can be one of the following different statuses
shopping,
traveling,
learning,
sleeping,
eating,
resting,
working,
and active.
The default hunger level is 100.
The default level of fatigue is 0.
The default status is resting.

A Character Job is composed of
payment,
hours for the job,
name of the job and title acquired by the character.

A Character's skill is composed of a name and a level.
The default skill level is 0. The max level of a skill is 100.

2. [10 pts] Update the following functions.
Edit the setter to set the status of the Character and print the value set.
Edit the setter to set the character's skill level and print the value set.
Edit the setter to set the character's total money and print the value set.
Edit the setter to set the character's hunger level and print the value set.
Edit the setter to set the character's fatigue level and print the value set.
Edit the setter to set the character's earn rate and print the value set.
Edit the setter to set the character's date last login and print the value set.

Note : Use Log.D instead of print or println.
Syntax : Log.i(<TAG>, <Item to be printed out>)

3. [50 pts] Create following functions.
Create a function that increase the hunger by a value.
Create a function that decrease the hunger by a value and decreased the total money by a value.
Create a function that will returns the following
    "starved" if the hunger value is from 0 - 10
    "Very hungry" if the hunger value is from 11 - 40
    "Pretty hungry" if the hunger value is from 41 - 80
    "Starting to feel hungry" if the hunger calue is form 81 - 130
    "Satisfied" if the hunger level is 131 - 210
    "A little full" if the hunger level is 211 - 360
    "A little uncomfortable" if the hunger level is 361 - 480
    "Feeling stuffed" if the hunger level is 481 - 500

Create a function that increase the fatigue by a value.
Create a function that decrease the fatigue by a value and decrease total money by a value.
Create a function that will returns the following
    "Alert" if the fatigue value is from 0 - 30
    "Drowsy" if the fatigue value is from 31 - 45
    "Too Tired" if the fatigue value is from 46 - 60
    "Stressed" if the fatigue value is form 61 - 75
    "Energy Emergency" if the fatigue level is 76 - 90
    "Zombie" if the fatigue level is 91 to max value

Create a function that increase a specific skill level and increases fatigue.
Create a function that will returns the following
    "Alert" if the fatigue value is from 0 - 30
    "Drowsy" if the fatigue value is from 31 - 45
    "Too Tired" if the fatigue value is from 46 - 60
    "Stressed" if the fatigue value is form 61 - 75
    "Energy Emergency" if the fatigue level is 76 - 90
    "Zombie" if the fatigue level is 91 to max value

Create a function that sets the Job of the Character,
it accepts the job and updates the earn rate.
Create a function that increases the level of a skill by a value.

4. [10 pts]
A Character can be a kid.
A kid is aged between 0 - 17.
A kid can not have a working status.
When a kid increases the level of a skill,
there is a chance to learn fast by multiplying the skill increase
by 1.5 to 4.

A Character can be a young adult.
A young adult is aged between 18 - 30
When a young adult, will have a new attribute called relationship status.
The status can be available, complicated, in a relationship, polyamorous, not bothered, undisclosed, married, widowed, separated.
If the status is in a relationship, polyamorous, or married there should be a way to know who the other characters association.
When a kid increases the level of a skill,
there is a chance to learn fast by multiplying the skill increase by 1.5 to 2.

A Character can be an adult.
A young adult is aged between 31 and above
When an adult earn money, the money they earn is 5x the earnrate.
Adults also have savings which is separate from their total money.
When a adult increases the level of a skill, there is a chance to learn slow by multiplying the skill increase by .5 to .9